Update readme (#1260)
kuzzleio/kuzzle: README.md

* **User Management**: login, logout and security rules are no more a burden.
* **Extensible**: fit Kuzzle to your needs by leveraging the plugin system.

## Kuzzle in production

> Kuzzle is production-proof, your applications are [deployed securely in a robust environment](https://kuzzle.io/products/by-features/on-premises/). 

Reviewer: The page you're referencing to explains that Kuzzle can be deployed on anyone environment... I would change that sentence slighlyt:

```suggestion
Kuzzle is production-proof, and can be [deployed anywhere](https://kuzzle.io/products/by-features/on-premises/). 
```

> With Kuzzle, it is possible to deploy applications that can serve tens of thousands of users with very good performance.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Kuzzle, it is possible to deploy applications that can serve tens of thousands of users with very good performances.  
```

The easiest way to setup a kuzzle server for Linux-like systems without prerequisites is to download and run our installation script:

```bash
$ sudo bash -c "$(curl https://get.kuzzle.io/)"
```

You can get detailed information about how to [start kuzzle with docker on docs.kuzzle.io](https://docs.kuzzle.io/guide/1/essentials/installing-kuzzle/#docker)

### Manual install

Check our [complete installation guide on docs.kuzzle.io](https://docs.kuzzle.io/guide/1/essentials/installing-kuzzle/#manual-installation)

## Quick start with Kuzzle

* [Install and start Kuzzle server](https://docs.kuzzle.io/guide/1/essentials/installing-kuzzle)
* [Choose a SDK](https://docs.kuzzle.io/sdk-reference/)
* Build your application without caring about your backend !

Check the [**Getting started page on docs.kuzzle.io**](https://docs.kuzzle.io/guide/1/getting-started/first-steps/)

> ### Node.js samples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Node.js examples
```

Reviewer: Also, after reading that code example, I'm convinced that it's more confusing than anything: that example subscribes to database changes, and then... nothing. It doesn't show anything useful by itself.

My take on this is that we should delete that section, especially if you apply my proposal about the documentation links list below

```bash
npm install kuzzle-sdk
```

```javascript
const 
  {
    Kuzzle,
    WebSocket
  } = require('kuzzle-sdk');

// Connect the SDK to your Kuzzle server with WebSocket protocol
const kuzzle = new Kuzzle(
  new WebSocket('localhost')
);

> await kuzzle.connect();

Reviewer: Cannot work as this line is not in an async function

> // Subscribes to database changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Subscribe to database changes
```

> await kuzzle.realtime.subscribe('my-index', 'my-collection', {}, msg => {

Reviewer: Same here

  console.log('Realtime notification received from Kuzzle:', msg);
});
```

### Useful links

* [Full documentation](https://docs.kuzzle.io/)

> * [SDKs Reference](https://docs.kuzzle.io/sdk-reference/)

Reviewer: To me, the very first link of that list should be something like this: `[How to run a Kuzzle instance](https://docs.kuzzle.io/guide/1/getting-started/running-kuzzle/)`

Followed by that one: `[Basic usage examples](https://docs.kuzzle.io/guide/1/getting-started/first-steps/)`

And then the list that you amended, which otherwise seems perfect :+1:

> * [API Documentation](https://docs.kuzzle.io/api/1/essentials/connecting-to-kuzzle/)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [API Documentation](https://docs.kuzzle.io/api)  
```

> * [Data Validation documentation](https://docs.kuzzle.io/guide/1/datavalidation/introduction/)

Reviewer: I think that we should limit the link to the section entry itself, and let our documentation site redirect to the first item of that section, since it can change overtime.

```suggestion
* [Data Validation documentation](https://docs.kuzzle.io/guide/1/datavalidation)
```

> * [Realtime filters documentation](https://docs.kuzzle.io/koncorde/1/essentials/introduction/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Realtime engine documentation](https://docs.kuzzle.io/koncorde)
```
